README.md, before:

# PeggleRoguelikeGUI
This is a Peggle Roguelike Preset Generator made in C++ and Qt 6

# Custom Themes
Desktop Java from the [PeggleRoguelikeJava](https://github.com/Ivan951236/PeggleRoguelikeJava) repository is currently the only version that supports this feature...

This Program supports Custom Themes to be used with the program

It only allows for Color modification, however with enough effort, we can make it change the layout or make it change the icons provided

Since this IS a Java project, it is limited to Material Design 3

To install, install it to JAR dir's customThemes directory

It uses YAML for it, refer to Compilation Instrucions for more information

It also has a Custom Theme Database too, located at [Ivan951236/PeggleRoguelikeThemes](https://github.com/Ivan951236/PeggleRoguelikeThemes) repository

I do allow people to make custom clients for this database to make it easier to install the themes

Thus it can be easier to have your own theme likes for it

You can also extract your wallpaper's color pattern using [SuperColorPalette](https://supercolorpalette.com) website for it, and using the colors in your own theme

And changing the mode boolean accordingly to each mode (light, dark)

# Compilation Instrucions

## Desktop Program
Install the Java 17 version of Java JDK or Java JRE from any provider such as Oracle, Adoptium or OpenJDK

The Java Program is now on [PeggleRoguelikeJava](https://github.com/Ivan951236/PeggleRoguelikeJava) repository, please use code from there instead for Desktop Program

For Linux or MacOS, just install Gradle before building

In this directory do "./gradlew.bat build" or "gradle build" depending on the operating system

After that you should run it using "./gradlew.bat run" or "gradle run" depending on the operating system, or just run the library from build/libs

Custom Themes uses YAML for it

the template goes as follows:

```
name: Gameboy Green
mode: light
primary: "#8BAC0F"
onPrimary: "#0F380F"
background: "#E0F8D0"
onBackground: "#0F380F"
surface: "#E0F8D0"
onSurface: "#0F380F"
outline: "#306230"
```

This is for light mode, to change to dark mode, change the mode boolean to dark

## Android

for a rookie user, it is reccomended to install ![Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/index.html) to start here

Run Android Studio, or a FLOSS apporach is to instead use gradle to update the packages for the repository

Select the "android" folder from the project's root, or a FLOSS apporach would be is to run `./gradlew build`

Run Project, by either running it from Android Studio or instead use `./gradlew run`

Commit message:

Change project language from C++ to Kotlin
Updated project description to reflect language change and repository links.

README.md, after:

# PeggleRoguelikeGUI
This is a Peggle Roguelike Preset Generator made in Kotlin, Java version in the [PeggleRoguelikeJava](https://github.com/Ivan951236/PeggleRoguelikeJava) Repository, hard mode for both is in hardmode branch

# Custom Themes
Desktop Java from the [PeggleRoguelikeJava](https://github.com/Ivan951236/PeggleRoguelikeJava) repository is currently the only version that supports this feature...

This Program supports Custom Themes to be used with the program

It only allows for Color modification, however with enough effort, we can make it change the layout or make it change the icons provided

Since this IS a Java project, it is limited to Material Design 3

To install, install it to JAR dir's customThemes directory

It uses YAML for it, refer to Compilation Instrucions for more information

It also has a Custom Theme Database too, located at [Ivan951236/PeggleRoguelikeThemes](https://github.com/Ivan951236/PeggleRoguelikeThemes) repository

I do allow people to make custom clients for this database to make it easier to install the themes

Thus it can be easier to have your own theme likes for it

You can also extract your wallpaper's color pattern using [SuperColorPalette](https://supercolorpalette.com) website for it, and using the colors in your own theme

And changing the mode boolean accordingly to each mode (light, dark)

# Compilation Instrucions

## Desktop Program
Install the Java 17 version of Java JDK or Java JRE from any provider such as Oracle, Adoptium or OpenJDK

The Java Program is now on [PeggleRoguelikeJava](https://github.com/Ivan951236/PeggleRoguelikeJava) repository, please use code from there instead for Desktop Program

For Linux or MacOS, just install Gradle before building

In this directory do "./gradlew.bat build" or "gradle build" depending on the operating system

After that you should run it using "./gradlew.bat run" or "gradle run" depending on the operating system, or just run the library from build/libs

Custom Themes uses YAML for it

the template goes as follows:

```
name: Gameboy Green
mode: light
primary: "#8BAC0F"
onPrimary: "#0F380F"
background: "#E0F8D0"
onBackground: "#0F380F"
surface: "#E0F8D0"
onSurface: "#0F380F"
outline: "#306230"
```

This is for light mode, to change to dark mode, change the mode boolean to dark

## Android

for a rookie user, it is reccomended to install ![Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/index.html) to start here

Run Android Studio, or a FLOSS apporach is to instead use gradle to update the packages for the repository

Select the "android" folder from the project's root, or a FLOSS apporach would be is to run `./gradlew build`

Run Project, by either running it from Android Studio or instead use `./gradlew run`
